Address concerns around PubNs and SubNs Authz (#1656)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

sent SUBSCRIBE_NAMESPACE for that namespace, or a prefix of that
namespace. A publisher MAY send the PUBLISH_NAMESPACE to any other subscriber.

> A subscriber can receive a PUBLISH_NAMESPACE on the control stream for a

Reviewer: There isn't a single control stream anymore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A subscriber can receive a PUBLISH_NAMESPACE for a
```

> A subscriber can receive a PUBLISH_NAMESPACE on the control stream for a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A subscriber can receive a PUBLISH_NAMESPACE on a request stream for a
```

namespace that falls within an active SUBSCRIBE_NAMESPACE prefix. This can

> occur when SUBSCRIBE_NAMESPACE or its response is in flight at the same time

Reviewer 2: I think can works better than MAY, since it's not something the subscriber chooses to do.

```suggestion
A subscriber can receive a PUBLISH_NAMESPACE on the control stream for a
namespace that falls within an active SUBSCRIBE_NAMESPACE prefix. This
occurs when SUBSCRIBE_NAMESPACE or its response is in flight at the same time
```

perform and access. Relays will verify the
token to ensure that the request is authorized.

> ### Authorization Verification by Role

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should drop this section for now, pending the Auth design team output, but I think the first two paragraphs address the issues by themselves?
